My eyes follow the letters that appear in the crystal.
Eh?
Is it a mistake?
I look at the faces of mother and father.
Both of them have a dreadful look on their face.
Is this… real?
There is magic in Odoguz!.
I was surprised when I first realized magic existed.
After all, there wasn't any magic in my previous world.
Learning about magic, I raised my fist up in the air.
I was 2 years old at the time.
My parents got worried.
Apparently, I still have a memory from my previous life.
I heard from the village fortune-teller that reincarnation is rare and that I should keep it secret from others.
I am 5 years old now.
In Odoguz, when you are five years old, you receive skills from God.
You can get 2-5 skills blessed onto you, 2 being the average amount and 5 being the most.
But people with 5 skills are so few that it is said to be a miracle.
A person's skill determines their future and job.
So, praying to God and seeing your skills with a unique crystal is a ritual. But, when I did it… I felt my heart sink…
However, many times I check…
It says <<Tamer ###>>.
Tamer is a skill that can befriend/tame animals and monsters, so that isn't the problem. The problem is the <<###>> after it.
Skills are evaluated by the number of stars they have. With 1 star, you can tame a small animal/creature, and with more stars, the stronger the monster or animal you can handle.
With a low star count, you can still find work, such as delivering town letters. However, with a higher star count, you could tame a strong monster and even become a successful adventurer!
But… My <<###>> is weaker than 1 star, which means there's nothing I can tame. So, I probably can't find a job since everything is determined by skills in Odoguz.
Unconsciously, the phrase "Unreasonable game" came to mind. I don't know what it means, but I assume it's about this situation.
I'm troubled… In the last 3 years, I've learned that my previous memory is almost useless, even though it does have its uses sometimes.
I must look at my current situation, learn, and think about the future.
I can undoubtedly see reality. However, it's hard for a 5-year-old to do anything about it.
I learned that << ### >> is called no star and that no stars are beings abandoned by God.
In the picture book, my mother read to me, there was a story about having no stars if you do bad things.
It's said that there are no stars in Odoguz, though their existence hasn't been confirmed… But there is one right here! God, did I do something to you?
Speaking of which, I have another skill.
Right next to Tamer.
Let me see…. The skills I have are weak and unknown. I wonder what will happen to me from now on?

What to say.
My life has changed completely, to the sad side.
From the time I came home, I already felt something strange.
My parents don't look or speak to me.
I thought it was weird.
I didn't want to believe it.
But, no doubt.
They are outright avoiding me.
My food was not prepared when I went to my room to eat dinner.
A mother who doesn't match my gaze.
The father scowls.
A confused brother and sister.
I heard "as I thought" from somewhere.
I leave the room while sighing.
I understand what the previous word means, so I prepare myself.
Apparently, my place in this house has disappeared.
Does no stars have this kind of impact?
Now then, what should I do?
I'm hungry...
I want to eat food somehow or another.
It's variously harrowing for a 5-year-old child's life.
I left the house and went into the forest.
My field of vision began to blur, but I had already prepared myself, so I was not sad!
It's just frustrating.
I just wanted to believe in my parents.
Like I thought, it's just sad and lonely.
Tears started to fall.
Why do I have no stars….why….
Crying wouldn't help.
It won't fill my stomach.
I got to find something to eat first.
Today is the first time I have entered the forest alone.
It's scarier than the forest I always see.
Maybe a monster will come out.
What should I do…. I want to go home…. But I'm hungry.
The food I found was only a giant nut.
It's a little sour, but it's edible.

"Sour!"
It's not a little, but quite sour.
It was a bit sweeter when I ate it before.
I sit at the root of the tree.
What should I do tomorrow?
I already told myself before.
To prepare to escape from this village.
But where do I run away?
Can I live after running away from this village, the me who couldn't fight monsters?
I still want to stay in this village.
But I somehow felt that it was impossible.
Will everyone change, just like my parents?
... Let's just go home for now and go to sleep.
Is my room still there?

Morning.
No one came to wake me up.
It's been a few days since that shocking day.
I already gave up.
My older brother and sister already knew the story.
You've troubled our parents, I've told as such.
Is it my fault?
I don't know anymore.
For now, the 5-year-old me needs to build my physical strength.
Physical strength is the most crucial thing to escape.
And the technique of finding things to eat in the forest.
It's hard for me because I can't ask anyone about either.
But the only thing to remember is…. that I have to build up my physical strength.
Running through the forest.
I wanted to raise my physical strength by running.
It's my first time doing it.
I'll follow what my heart says.
I looked for a nut from today's morning but can't find any.
I gradually got used to running around the forest alone every day.
My physical strength raises a bit.
Maybe it's just my feeling.
My consciousness suddenly faded away...Eh?
I am tired and sleepy.
When I look towards my side, I stiffen.
There, an elderly woman sat down.
When our line of sight met, she narrowed her eyes and smiled.
I remember that smile.
This person is the fortune teller who lives in the village.
She always had a gentle smile and gave advice to villagers.
"Hello"
"…..yes, hello"
The Fortune Teller talked to me.
I wonder why my heart beats louder.
In the last few days, my story became known to the villagers.
Since then, no one has spoken or looked at me.
"What is it?"
The Fortune Teller looked at me and began to speak quietly.
"My fortune-telling involves foreseeing the future. Since I'm only a 1 star, I can only see a little ahead. I foresaw your situation just before you arrived and that you needed clarification. But I can't see the cause."
"…..I see"
There are many things to consider, but the Fortune Teller is not bad.
My current situation is … I think it can't be helped in this world.
As I said before, It's the same everywhere that excludes those who don't understand.
I can understand a little, but I can't accept it.
"Here's a present."
She handed me a bag.
I was confused, but I took it and looked inside.
It contains more than what it looks.
"This is a degraded version of the magic bag. I put various things inside. I'm sure it's what you'll need from now on."
I turn the bag over.
Really, many things came out.
There are several books on how to identify food and poisonous plants.
Potions … There are several, but they all have different colors.
A small knife.
I look at the Fortune Teller.
"The degraded versions are disposable, so they can be obtained easily. The regular magic bag has a time stop, but you need money to get it. The potion is also a degraded version. The effect could be better, but regular potions are expensive, so children can't buy one.
... I think that a degraded version is necessary to live alone."
She is a kind person.
There's no problem even if she didn't do this for me.
However, she teaches me how to survive.
"Thank you very much."

The Fortune Teller has come to see me several times since then.
Telling me a story or giving me a degraded potion.
She also gives me some food.
In the meantime, my situation is getting worse and worse.
About a year after that day, I could not enter my room.
Sad and crying, I threw the cup, which was on the desk, towards my mother.
After that, I was beaten many times by my father and experienced pain I had never felt before.
My mother never stopped my father.

Although it was a degraded version, the potion was helpful.
I was sad that my scars had increased, but there were no tears.
I was strangely relieved as I began to live hidden in the woods.
Since I didn't want to be seen by anyone, I developed a technique to hide myself.
I just honed that skill so that I could not be found.

Meanwhile, I read the book repeatedly to memorize it in my head.
Edible nuts, poison grass, medicinal herbs.
I learned to recognize each characteristic.
This will make life in the forest safer.
I remember I ate a poison by mistake and suffered.

Besides the two books, there were also books on how to trap prey.
I learn and practice the trap I create by myself.
Having failed several times, I was able to catch prey.
I feel like I was screaming during the dismantling, but it's just my imagination.
I'm excited. It's been a long time since I ate meat.

3 years.
I have a lot of physical strength.
I can run in the forest for a long time.
Although it is a small prey, the probability of being caught has also increased.
I'm able to treat wounds using medicinal herbs.
My life in the forest is going well.

I was worried about something, so I left the forest for the first time in a long time and went to the village.
They looked surprised, maybe because they thought I was dead.
I don't care. They thought I was dead.
What worries me is the Fortune Teller.
She visited me every two weeks, but I had just seen her about a month ago.
Did something happen?
There was no one in the Fortune Teller's house.
I'm worried about what happened.

I hear a voice whispering in the back.
When I listen carefully, I can hear what they're talking about.
The contents of the conversation make me feel as if I had my chest tightly grasped.
I leave and run away to the forest.
The Fortune Teller died.
I heard that she had a cold.
If there is a potion that the village chief has, she can be cured.
But…the village chief refused to treat her with the potions.
The cause is me.
The Fortune Teller who helped me earned the animosity of the village.
I didn't know that.
Because of me...

I return to my hiding place.
I need to do something.
Although I was sad, there was no tear for some reason.
I have 5 degraded versions of the magic bag.
Fold 1 of the bag in half and wrap it around the waist with a string.
The remaining 4 are put to the right and left, 2 on each side.
Pack as much as I can into each bag.

Many potions of degraded versions, including ones for healing wounds, curing diseases, suppressing pain, and breaking curses.
Because all of them are degraded versions, I only knew their effectiveness once I used them.
Unless it's the worst version, it should heal to some extent.
I knew it from my experience.
As I run through the forest, I collect everything hidden in preparation for the journey.
I don't want to leave anything I collect or hide with the Fortune Teller.

The food is dried meat.
I borrowed it from here and there…..I got it as a gift for the journey.
Is there a problem?
Put the spring water from the forest in a bamboo tube and put it in the bag.
It's not enough, but I can't help it.
I also got a book from the Fortune Teller.
After I collect the broken sword, I'll leave the village.

It happened.
Perhaps I was lucky.
I hid in the village once every five days to get information.
Because I learned from experience that information is essential.
I went down from the forest yesterday to get information.
I hide in a meeting place where people only come sometimes.
There's usually no one here, but today, I feel the presence of people.
When I focus my ears, I can hear them talking.
Looks like there are two men.

"I found it. It seems to hide in certain parts of the forest."
"Is that so, Tablo? That thing makes this village unhappy, you understood, right?"
Tablo is my father's name.
I don't know who the other person is.
Slowly breathe out and carefully check the voice from the shadow of the building in the meeting hall.
...It's the village chief.
"Of course. There is no such thing as no stars in this world. That child will be happy that she can go and meet God."

...Don't screw around!
I'll be happy if I die?
I want to live like hell. I want to go to God's place!
They pissed me off.
I take a deep breath and control my anger.
I gently leave the place to avoid being found and recover things hidden in the forest.
I was ready to leave at any time.
I just couldn't get the chance to.
I was also afraid to leave the village where I was born.
But if there's a chance that I'll die here, I'll leave the village.
I will not hesitate anymore.

At the edge of the forest, far away from the village, there is a large tree that can be said to be the largest in the forest.
There is a cavity in the root of the large tree that can hide things.
Put my hand inside the cavity and take out the things I grab.
An important sword to protect myself in the forest.
This is what the fortune teller searched for according to my body size.
It was still too big for the 8-year-old me, but she couldn't find a smaller sword.
A slightly dull sword.
Take it and run in the opposite direction to the village.

I only looked back once, at a faraway place where I could only see the village's light.
I have been greatly indebted to the forest around the village.
I wanted to thank the Fortune Teller.
Hold the sword to suppress the various thoughts that overflow.
As I shift my gaze from the village, I see a light in one of the places where I was hiding.
I had several places in the forest where I could sleep.
They found the place closest to the village.
Next time I find a place to live, I'll be careful.

I move my feet that have stopped.
I will never return to this village again.
My aim is to go to OtorwaTown.
It's the closest town to Ratomi Village.
Several villages are up to Otorwa, but peddlers are trading with Ratomi Village, so I plan to leave quickly.
They won't bother searching for me this far, but I'm still worried.
Just thinking about getting caught in the next village irritated me.
There is a road connecting each village.
However, I wanted to avoid being seen as much as possible, so I walked on the animal path near the village road.

This is bad!
I desperately moved my leg.
To run even if it's only slightly faster.
There is a rumbling* sound coming to me from behind.
I don't have a leeway to see what's chasing after me!
What I understand is that if I stop, I'll die!
What do I do? What should I do?!
In this case, let's escape to the top of a tree.
...There are no trees to climb!
Next is... not good.
It's catching up.

AH! T, tree discovered!
Absolutely, I'll make it there!
I ran desperately like I was going to die and climb the tree in a frantic
I did it….. I'm saved~.
My body is covered in sweat.

I'm glad it's not a monster that can climb a tree.
I let my guard down a little after leaving the village.
If I fix it, the forest might stay safe.
Let's stop here for the day and rest.
I'm tired and can't move my body.
Anyway, what's chasing me?
...Haah.
I'm worried about the future.
I was scared and couldn't sleep much.
It can't be helped.
For now, let's just get down from the tree.
Eh?
So high!
I was surprised after checking where I was.
I climbed up to the top of a tall, big tree.
I'm afraid to go down.

I got a lot of scratches and cuts, but I was able to go down…..that's a relief.
Four degraded potions were used to heal the wounds.
This potion has deteriorated a little too much.
I look at the village road.
After some thought, I decided to go on the animal path.
This time, I proceed with caution.
The pace will slow down, but life is more important.

I walk while gnawing the dried meat.
I'm worried that the smell might attract monsters, but I can't help it; I'm hungry.
I was chased many times, but I was able to barely escape.
My injuries are increasing, but my life is alright.
There seem to be more ferocious animals and monsters in the forest than I had imagined.
There's no choice but to be aware of their presence quickly.
On the eighth day, I arrived at a place where I could hear crowds of people.
I finally arrived at the vicinity of the neighboring village.
However, I will go around the village since I have decided to avoid it.

I went a little way around so that I couldn't be seen from the village and found myself in a broad place.
This is a garbage dump.
I look at the garbage while paying attention to the presence of people and monsters.
There's a magic bag.
It's a degraded version, but I definitely want it.
I found that ten magic bags were thrown away.
I'd like to take it all…..but it will become a burden.

When I was looking at the garbage for a while, I felt the presence of people coming closer.
A rock is nearby, so I hide to see what's happening.
"Hurry it up!"
"I know!"
There was a clatter, and the presence went away after a while.
It's a child's voice; they came to practice throwing away something.
I'm glad they didn't notice me.
The new thing that got thrown away is a potion.
I put some potions into a bag that is hung over my shoulder.
I was troubled, but I brought the ten magic bags with me.
About an hour away from the dump.
I take a short break.
The magic bags I brought are heavy.
As I expected, 10 were too many...
There is no time-stop function on the degraded version.

Other than capacity, some of the degraded magic bags have weight reduction, and some haven't.
Because it is different for each, you can only use it if you check it.
Of the ten pieces, six are larger than the ones I used.
However, one cannot be used because no weight reduction function exists.
That said, five magic bags, which are a surplus, can still be used.
While changing the contents, I check the potion.
Because there is no time-stop function, the color of the potion may change.
It can't be used if it happens.
I'll throw it away at the next dump.

Swap my luggage and see the remaining magic bags.
I replaced 3 magic bags with the newly picked bags, so 2 old bags remain.
I have been using 4 of them so far.
The one remaining magic bag holds the 6 empty magic bags.
There's still a lot of capacity left, which makes me happy.
For the rare version of the regular magic bag,
some can hold magic bags with stuff in them.
It's no use expecting such a thing on a degraded version, but I'm jealous.

Hold two bags to the right and two to the left, and tie the remaining bag to the waist with a string.
It looks the same, but one still has more capacity.
I forgot the trash.
I finish putting the trash in the bag.
Now that I have finished changing my bags, I'll head for the next village.
That village dump was great~.
Walking for a few hours, I hear the sound of the river.
Thinking about replenishing the water, I walk to the depths of the forest of the animal path, relying on the sound of the water.
I put a mark here and there so I won't get lost.
I see a beautiful river flowing.
Fishes are swimming, so the water is okay.
Replenish the water in the bamboo tubes and clean my feet by putting them in the water.
It feels good~.

I feel refreshed, so I walk back to the animal path.
After a while, I felt a presence.
Hide myself in the shadow of a tree and look around.
I could see a man a little distance away.
He seems to be accompanied by a slime.
I'm curious if he's a 2-star tamer.
Slime is a monster that requires two stars and is used to process organic matter.
It is a critical job; it's called the garbage man.
Some slime may treat inorganic materials, but it seems rare.
What is he doing here?
Men take out trash from their magic bags and let the slime dispose of them.
He looks like an adventurer from afar.
I felt several at a distance when I checked for presence around me.
The presence was so thin that I didn't notice it.
It may be a team of high-ranking adventurers.
I quietly move away in the opposite direction from them.

When I return to the animal path, I breathe out.
I was so nervous.
In the depths of the forest, a little farther, there are signs of the adventurers.
That said, it could be thicker and easier to read.
I felt their presence and saw if they were coming in my direction.
It seems they didn't, so what a relief.
Perhaps they notice my presence.
But not interested.
It's my first time seeing an adventurer with such a thin presence.
It's a little scary.

Take a deep breath and walk towards the next village.
I stopped several times to check for presence around me.
There are various presences, but it's not hostile.
I can no longer feel the presence of the team of adventurers.
If they deliberately hide their presence, I wouldn't find them, but it's okay.
I walk while avoiding monsters and animals.
Since I have never seen an accurate map, I do not know the distance to the next village.
For now, I choose a path that stays within the village road.

Four days before arriving at the next village.
This is weird.
There's a garbage dump in front of me.
But there are no villages around.
I heard that a dump is always near a village.
I look at the things that have been thrown.
Discolored potion, a broken bottle.
A broken sword and possibly a broken magic bag.
I know there are more broken things than the dump in the village.
Perhaps it's been abandoned by adventurers?
I heard about it, but this is my first time seeing it.

Looking at the trash, there is nothing that can be taken.
I take out the trash I had planned to dispose of from my magic bags.
I have an unpleasant feeling; let's just not throw it away.
I can always throw it away in a village, so I won't do it here.
There is also a slime to process it in the village.
But, more than the number is needed.

Two stars tamers can tame up to five slimes per person.
Only a few do it; I heard that most people only tame two.
The amount that can be processed in one day varies depending on the slimes.
I heard that the capital and towns are hiring many tamers.
Villages can give money to a town to process it, but most villages need help to afford it.
Therefore, there's a garbage dump.
I understand, but I can't overlook it.

I heard that things in the forest are abandoned by adventurers.
Adventurer's team must always have a tamer with a slime in their team.
This is decided by law.
You can throw away things your slime can't handle in a dedicated place.
But the reality is the illegal dump in front of me.
Since the broken things become a burden, they will be left in the forest.
Few adventurer's teams have slime to handle inorganic matter.
At least the S-ranked team has one; the Fortune Teller said so.

It doesn't matter if I throw it away, but I stopped.
Somehow, it will only be in the way.
Is this the one called [Illegal Dumping]?
...Let's continue to the village.
Let's throw it away in the village garbage dump.

While moving along the animal path, I try to search for small animals, but they are hard to find.
I can only hunt small animals like rabbits and mice.
I wish I could hunt something more prominent, but if I get greedy, I'll get hurt.
I learned this from experience.
It's still impossible with my ability.
"…..There's none~…..what a shame."
There are no small animals around here.
I need help finding them even after searching for their presence.
I'm glad I picked the nuts I found on the way.
Otherwise, I will put my hand on the last piece of dried meat.
But, there are few small and large animals in this place.
Once again, I checked for presence around me but didn't catch anything.
That's strange...

I looked for a while and gave up.
Eat the nuts and find a place to sleep today.
There are no holes or caves that can be used as hiding places. Is it on a tree today?
Look around for trees and choose the one with a thick trunk.
Its branch was thick and more stable, so I decided to rest on a slightly higher branch.
A little early, but let's rest for today.
I'm somewhat tired.
The most inconvenient part of a journey is sleep; you can't sleep well.
You're likely to die if you sleep well.

I woke up feeling a sense of danger.
It's still far away, but heading to this place quickly.
What to do? Should I move?
Or keep hiding like this?
Calm down my heart and check its presence.
Given the speed of its movement, I can't outrun it.
I pressed my body against the gap in the tree I found.
I can only hold my breath, hide my presence, and wait for it to pass.

After a while, the sound of fallen leaves being stepped in gradually approaches.
The sound comes from more than one but a few dozen.
The presence was mixed, so I need help figuring out the numbers.
Hold the body that seems to tremble, and harden it so it doesn't move as much as possible.
If I move, they'll notice!
Under the tree where I lurk, a lot of noise passes by.
Move my line of sight slowly and check the origin of the sound.
Through the gap in the tree, I could see a glowing body lit by the moonlight.
Certainly, that is huge; I've seen it in the book.
They're supposed to be monsters that attacked the group.
If I look closely, several black lumps are moving under the tree...
Its size is over 1 meter, and its movement is…..fast!
My body is trembling when I look, so I shut my eyes tightly and erase my presence.

How much time has passed, the presence of the Huge Ants has moved away.
But I still can't move.
If I move now, they might come back and attack me.
After quite a while, strength finally left my body.
I'm exhausted.
The presence is no more, but I still check my surroundings to ensure.
This forest may be close to the Huge Ant's nest.
So that's why there are no animals around…..
Ha ha, I didn't notice.
The reason for the tiny number of animals is that there was a cause.
Speaking of which, it seems there were multiple traces on the ground…..
Are these their footprints?
I don't know about it for the first time, but I'll remember it.
Even so, their numbers are astounding.
I'm glad they didn't notice me.
It was terrifying.

I dismantle the wild rat that got caught in a trap.
Compared to my first time, I can dismantle it fast now.
The greatest enemy when dismantling is the smell.
Even if you are careful, the smell of blood will inevitably fill the surroundings.
Dismantle it as quickly as possible and move immediately.
This is how I basically do it.

Wash the dismantled meat with water and wrap it neatly with large banana leaves.
Bana leaves have a sterilizing effect and are often used to wrap meat.
It's one of the trees easily found in the forest.
Put it in a bag, and just leave the bones and the like from dismantling it right there.
Even if it's quickly dismantled, the smell of the blood will attract monsters to come.
Leaving the bones there will attract the monsters as bait and give me time to move away.
After several experiences, I realized that this method was the safest.

I stop and listen.
I detect a person's presence; even though it's faint, I can hear their voice.
I have arrived at the second village.
From here on, I'll enter the village and gather information.
Can the meat in the bag I got a little while ago be exchanged for a bit of money?
Let's think about it after looking at the state of the village.

Many travelers could be seen in the village.
There are quite a few who look like adventurers.
Even if outsiders sell meat in this village, they will not stand out.
I heard that dried wild rat meat is nutritious and popular.
Freshness is crucial when selling.

Look around the street from the center of the village.
From among the shops that sell meat, I enter the butcher closest to the center of the village.
"Excuse me, I want to sell wild rat meat."
"Oh, a wild rat, eh? Let me see it for a bit."

A well-built man walks out of the shop.
He was surprised to see my appearance but said nothing about it.
Pass the meat wrapped in the banana leaves as it is.
The man confirmed the meat and nodded once.
This is my first time doing this, so my heart is beating loudly.
"The freshness is good, alright. The price for the meat is 100 Dal."
I check the price of dried meat sold nearby.
So my meat, 100 Dal, is worth five days of dried beef.
So it's like that.
"Then, please,"
"Got it."

On my hand, there are 100 Dal.
This is the first time I have got money; I'm excited.
"I'm counting on you if you catch it again. Lately, most people have been aiming only at big prey, so few bring wild rat meat."
I bow my head once and leave the store.
I put money in a bag tied to my waist to avoid dropping it.
I tied the waist strap, exited the village, and entered the forest.
"I did it!"

Earning money by myself, my face breaks into a smile.
I can't get a job with my skills.
It is hard, but I can live hunting and selling the meat.
I can imagine the future just a little bit, making me happy.
"Let's hunt some wild rats and make a little money before moving out."

I find a good tree in the forest for bed.
Check the surroundings to see if I can sleep here.
Examine traces of monsters left around the tree.
I tried to check the presence around me again, but I didn't find any dangerous presence.
I feel good today; I can sleep well.
Check the traps.
There are two wild rats there.
Today, I was able to catch a total of 5 wild rats.

I heard that you can hunt fang boars in the village vicinity.
They make more money, so only some people hunt wild rats.
Wild rats run away when fang boars rampage.
Once you find its escape route, all you have to do is set a trap.
The first plan was to set up a trap to get two to three animals daily.
But I managed to hunt more wild rats than I had planned.
In only three days, I already caught twenty-four wild rats.
This is quite a pleasant situation.
After all the dismantling is done, wrap it neatly with banana leaves.
Like I said before, looks are essential.
Is it true?
I'm still determining.
Enter the village and see if there are any changes in the villagers.
This is surprisingly important.
When the villagers are busy, something happens in the village, or when a monster out of hand appears.
When the surrounding situation is strange, asking for information circulated around is surprisingly easy.
Today, the villagers seem more lively and bustling than usual.
Did something happen?
With caution, I go to the butcher who will buy my meats.
"Oh, is it wild rat today too?"
"Yes, is it okay?"
"Aa, no problem. Now that the harvest is over, the peddlers will move together this weekend. The demand for dried meat goes up all at once, but the villagers….."
"The price of fang boars increased a little, and they said it was easier to hunt there, so they all went there."
I see; I could catch much of it since no one was hunting the wild rats."
"What's more, fang boars were seen yesterday in the forest. Right now, they are gathering people, aren't they?"
So that's what the bustle is for.
If fang boars are in a group, the forest may be dangerous.
I have to think of a place to sleep today.
"Yes, money. Because no one hunts it, the price increased slightly to 550 Dal."
"Thank you very much."

Taking the first day together, I earned 2,550 Dal in total.
It's about time I moved to the next village.
However, I look at the dried meat of the butcher.
The price has gone up.
If there was a demand, it couldn't help, but I should have bought it before the price increased.
"N? Could it be that you want dried meat?"
"Yes, I 'm about to go to the next village."
"Is that so…. thank you for your patronage until now. Wait here a minute."
The owner of the shop brings something from inside the store.
"It's a piece of dried meat. If it's this, 100 Dal should be good.
I decided to take it.
It's certainly a piece of dried meat, but the amount is quite large.
This will cover for ten days.
"Thank you very much."

Pass him 100 Dal, bow again, and leave the butcher.
After thinking a little, I walk towards the crowds of people.
I want information about where the group of fang boars are.
Based on this information, I will consider which direction I should go in the forest.

Recover the last trap I had set.
There are two wild rats there.
Today's dinner will be extravagant.
Based on the information gathered in the village, I will move before noon tomorrow.
Apparently, there will be a large-scale hunt in the forest tonight.
If it goes well, the number of fang boars may reduced.
Fang boars are violent and dangerous.
It would be dangerous for me to be attacked in the forest.
Finish the dismantling as quickly as usual and leave the place.
Something was approaching, but the remains of the dismantling will hold it back.
Slightly hurried, I headed to the village dump I had found.

If you are going on a journey, you need to be prepared.
I already expected it because there were merchants and adventurers, but the dump was comprehensive.
I discovered several potions, checked the color, and put them in the bag.
From a torn bag, folded paper is visible.
I pick it up and check the contents.
It looks like a simple map.
The village where I was born is also listed.

This is a great harvest!
I hardly know the name of any village other than where I was born.
I also needed to find out how long it would take to get to the next village.
I am still determining how accurate this map is, but it will greatly help me.
Besides….. I found several clothes.
Look at the size, check the stain, and put it in the bag.
Throw away unnecessary things from the magic bag I brought.
This can't be helped because the baggage increases.
Leave the dump and walk in the direction of the village.
It is too dangerous to be in the forest on a day when large-scale hunting occurs.
Let's spend the night in the village today.

People who participate in the hunt gather in the center of the village.
A considerable number of people will participate.
Look for a place a little far from the center of the village, where adventurers are sleeping.
The village is opening up the square for adventurers with no money.
The square has a simple kitchen, so it's a beneficial place for me.
I found a slightly more expansive space.
There is a tent there, so there is no doubt.
I imagined it would be more crowded, but the adventurers have gone hunting the fang boars.
It is reasonable, seeing it will earn them money.

As the square has a kitchen, I decided to make dinner immediately.
I want to use something other than magic in cooking because I have little power.
The kitchen in this square is convenient because a magic stone can make fire.
Cut the dismantled wild rats into appropriate sizes and grill them.
Wrap one grilled meat with banana leaves.
The other one is for today's dinner.
Enjoy an extravagant dinner while checking the map I picked up at the dump.
For now, let's check the name of the place where I am now.

The place where I was born is Ratomi Village.
I checked it on the map; it was far from the town.
I didn't enter the village, but next to it was Ratov, and the next one was Ratne.
Probably this village.
Then the next village is Ratto.
It seems closer according to the map than before...…
As long as I don't know who had thrown the map, I shouldn't trust it too much,
I remembered the Fortune Teller after seeing the letters for a long time.
I could read a simple letter, but not all of them.
The fortune teller who knew that taught me how to read, write, and do simple calculations when necessary.
For one more time, I want to see that gentle face again.

Since I take my time slowly before moving, I could spend the morning leisurely.
I could sleep vigilantly, feeling very light after a long time.
It may be better for my body to use the place if it is open.
Losing my focus because of fatigue on my journey is the scariest thing.
From the square, I go to the center of the village to check the situation.
The large-scale hunt seems to have been successful.
The villagers already smelled like alcohol in the morning.
A merry voice can be heard from the store where adventurers gather.
How many were hunted is unclear, but moving through the forest may be safer.
Of course, vigilance is still a must.

Get out of the village a little before noon.
Since it was so far away from Ratomi, where I was born, I could not find it even if I walked on the village road.
There will be little merit in staying in this village anymore.
Besides, there is a possibility that the fang boars are still lurking in the forest.
The village road is the best option if it's safe.
When I left the village, I passed in front of a building that was supposed to be the meeting place, but the subdued fang boars lay down.
Although I got the information from the book I read, it was bigger than I expected.
It's terrifying to think of bumping into something like that.
Even on the village roads, if you're unlucky, you will encounter them, so I leave the village while being nervous.
This village's road is more solid than the road from the previous town.
That's how often people come in and out.
It was a bustling village.
Speaking of that, the butcher's owner must have noticed that I had a reason.
A child who looks younger than ten seldom goes out to sell meat themselves.
But he didn't ask anything about it and probably bought the meat at the same price as the other adventurer.
I should have thanked him properly.

The third day after leaving Ratne.
Listening to the sound of water, I head there to procure drinking water.
In the meantime, I check the trees in the forest to find some edible fruits.
I noticed a lot of edible fruits on my way to the river.
By the time I got to the river, I was able to secure some fruits.
Fill the bamboo tube with water from the river and put it in the magic bag.
A slime appeared from the grass when I tried to return the way I came.
A general slime with a green, rounded triangle body.
 Slime that has not been tamed is a monster.
Honestly, I'm scared.
This world of slime has no cuteness.
This is my previous opinion.
Something must be wrong with my head, asking the monster to be cute.
More than that, I have to think about how to run away...
They say slime is weak, but it shoots mucus bullets at the body.
I can't use attack magic or defensive magic.
I have a sword, but the sword is less effective against slime.
The safest option is to run away.
Avoid the bush where the slime comes and run back to the village road.
I checked its presence around the village road, but it didn't follow me.
It's good that slime move speed is slow.

I heard that if you have a lot of magic power, you can kill the slime with fire livelihood magic.
But the amount of my magic power is small.
In this world, we use some magic in our daily life.
These are called "livelihood magic"; they can create fires, pour water, and remove dirt.
These three are said to be magic that anyone can use.
Of course, I can use it, but it's impossible for me.
The cause is the amount of my magic power.
I can't use it because my amount of magic is too small.

The number of times livelihood magic can be used differs for each person.
The difference is determined by the amount of magic you have.
Everyone starts training their livelihood magic at the age of five to increase their magic power so that they will not be troubled by everyday life.
But in my case, no matter how much I used livelihood magic, my magic power didn't increase.
It may have increased a little, but it is so tiny that I don't realize it.

My magical power is almost zero after using fire livelihood magic once.
If the magic power becomes 0 in the forest, I won't be able to feel any presence.
You don't use magic to feel the presence, but your physical ability decreases when the magic reaches zero.
It's a fatal mistake in a forest.
I might have needed magic to fight.
At that time, I wouldn't have any chance.
Therefore, I can't fight it, no matter how weak they are.
I could only run.

I encountered many more from the first slime on the way to Ratto. There is a lot of slime near the village road towards Ratto. I didn't hear that when collecting information, but I don't think that much information about weak slime circulates. Even so, I'm tired of running away. It's about time I arrived at the next village.
This is bad; the water has run out. I have to refill the water somewhere. I still need to find out where the village is. It is necessary to refill if only that time I had considered this before coming this far.1 If I listen carefully, I can hear the sound of water. It seems a little far away, but it can't be helped. Go into the forest and walk in the direction where the sound of water is heard.
"Wah~….. amazing"
There was a slightly larger lake where I arrived, guided by the sound of water. The lake's surface is full of flowers I have never seen before. I don't know the name, but there are large leaves on the water, little stalks are growing out of the water between the leaves, and a large white or pink flower is swaying behind them. For a moment, I was fascinated by the flowers. When I noticed, I hurriedly took my surroundings to check if there was something unusual. It is not good to let your guard down in a forest.
Find a river that flows into the lake and refill the bamboo tubes with water. I would like to secure more bamboo tubes, but most people don't use them, and the one thrown away needs to be fixed. If I find bamboo somewhere, I'll make it myself.
To return to the village road, I searched for a mark I had placed in the forest. The mark is a thin green string. I return to the village road while collecting the strings.
"…..What's this"
A mysterious creature is in a place a little before the village road. At first glance, I thought it was slime, but it's different. The body is like slime stretched to the side. The color is translucent blue, a monster, and a little charming.
"…..Cute"

...I think it was cute, even though it's a monster. With this, I can't ridicule the previous me. But somehow, this crumbling body of slime was cute. The crumbling slime is looking this way. …crumbling slime? crumbling…..I remember seeing it in the slime section of the list of monsters.
"I remember….. crumbling slime?"
There was an unnamed rare slime in the book. It's called the weakest slime or the "crumbling slime" because of its appearance. Rare is said to be strong is the only thing I can imagine, but it's among the weaker rare monsters. 
"If I'm not wrong, even strong wind will make it disappear, right?"
It's the weakest, just like me, but I don't want to say it's the weakest, so I'll call it crumbling slime! I feel a little affinity for it. As I watched, the wind blew so hard it shook my hair, and the crumbled slime in front of me rolled around in the wind.
"...It really is weak."

The slime that rolled in the wind stopped and lay upside down. I waited for a while, but I couldn't see it getting back up.1 ...Don't tell me it can't get its body up?
I don't know what to do, so I wait a while longer, but its body never gets back up even though I've waited so long. It's just that its body bouncing and shaking looks sorrowful...
I felt sorry, but I thought it was cute too.
However, there's nothing it can do to pull its body up, so I raise my hand. But I remember one sentence in a book about slime and stopping my hand.
"The weakest slime's rare is so weak that it disappears when poked. "
When I read it, I thought it was a fragile monster. In front of me is the crumbling slime lying upside down, showing no sign of standing up.
...That may be true.
What do I do? Will it disappear when I touch it? But it's not like I'm going to poke it. I gently wrap my hand around it and return to its body.
I was so nervous.
When I looked at it, for some reason, it started shaking…..Eeh! Could it be disappearing? Is it going to disappear? Seeing this, my heart throbbed hard but stopped after a while.
"Ahaha, what are you doing, me."
The crumbling slime is staring at me. Honestly, it's hard to leave it now.
Can I tame it?
The slime is said to be the weakest, like the lowest, but no star me. We might suit each other.
I read the same method in the book. However, I thought I wouldn't get a chance to tame it, so I didn't read it thoroughly. The crumbling slime in front of me will disappear when I fail.
I take the book out of the magic bag and find a way to tame the monster. The book says light will appear when I give the beast some magic power. In that state, I have to give out my name and then name the monster. Then, I have to vehemently declare for the beast to yield.
The latter is the recommended taming method for three or more star monsters, which has nothing to do with me.  It says that if both are successful, the mark will appear. Give it a little magic power... is it alright if it is only a little?
Just a little.
Look at the crumbling slime.
It is staring at me.
"Just a little."
I checked the surrounding presence. I didn't feel any presence approaching, so I told myself it was okay and kneeled before the crumbling slime. I gave a little magic power to the tip of my right index finger, and my fingertip was brought closer to the crumbling slime.
My heart is throbbing loudly. If it refuses, it will be the end. The crumbling slime shook as it rubbed its body against my approaching finger. I suddenly felt magical power moving from my fingertips. Pull my hand back and see the crumbling slime.
*purururur*, *purururu*
It received the magical power because it was slightly covered in light. Next is to tell my name and finally to name the slime…..
My name.
It is not a name given by my parents. It is the name I have considered since I left the village. I attached "Ivy" to myself to survive strongly even if stepped on. It's a name pulled from my previous memory. It is the name of a plant that can survive even when stepped on.
And the name of the crumbling slime…Etto, because the body is blue, is it blue? Bulu3? While thinking about it, I look up and see the beautiful blue sky. Ah...Sora, let's go with Sora!
Okay!
"I'm Ivy, and you are Sora!"
The plump body moves a little violently. As I watched, restless that the slime would disappear, a small pattern appeared on the crumbling slime's forehead. This pattern is a mark that the slime has been tamed.

Yes, it's a success!
Looking at Sora, trembling in front of me relieves me. When I was glad he didn't disappear, I remembered what was written in the book: that crumbling slime life only lasts one day.
Will Sora disappear tomorrow?
When I felt uneasy and looked at Sora, he also looked at me. For some reason, we looked at each other for a few minutes.
What is Sora doing?
Once again, let's check the book about Sora.
[Rare slime, which is said to be the weakest slime, has been confirmed to disappear after a day].
However, it was also written [There are many unknown things about this slime].
In other words, you mean that you don't know?
If that's the case, I'll believe it's okay. Even though we had just become friends, it would be too sad if Sora were to disappear.
It will be okay.
Sora began to tremble while staring at me. I feel like he tried to say something….. I don't know. It was written that you can communicate with the monsters that were tamed.
I'm sorry~, I don't understand.
I gently lift Sora and return to the village road to head for the village. I can't stay here forever. While going to the town, I'm thinking about what to do in the future. When the excitement calmed down, I realized that there was a problem. The book says that crumbling slime is too weak to be tamed. What would they think if they saw him?
For now, don't let them see Sora.
Sora looks different from ordinary slime, so he will likely be found out.
My new friends may be full of problems.

I stopped my legs, which were moving forward. I felt like I could hear people. If I listen carefully, I can hear several people speaking. Apparently, the village is close by. I should have noticed more than usual. I was distracted by other things. I have to be careful.
I looked at Sora in my arms. What should I do? I can't leave him in the forest.
Feeling troubled as I approached the village, I found that people were coming closer. I frantically put Sora in the magic bag. Soon, three adventurers emerged from the forest. They must have been from hunting; one had a slightly giant snake in his hand. They headed to Ratto village in a rush without dismantling it.
I sauntered and waited for them to disappear. A moment of relief.
"Ah, I put Sora in the magic bag!"

I look for Sora in the magic bag. You can't put creatures in either the regular or degraded versions.
It will be thrown back out if you try to put it in.
I have looked around, but I can't see Sora's figure.
...Could it be that he disappeared?

Leaving the village road and in a hurry, I enter the forest. I checked my surroundings to ensure there was no presence around me and put the bag on the fallen tree. I take a deep breath, put my hands in the magic bag, and look for Sora. Soon, a little cold thing gets on my hand.
I'm glad.
When I pull out my hand, Sora trembles. Haaa~, I lose power from my whole body and drop on the spot.
Sora is safe to put in the magic bag. There may have been a function that made it possible in the degraded version, but it's not known.
Ah, that's right!
If I put Sora in the bag, I can stay with him, and other people won't notice. Although I knew it coincidentally, this solved the problem. It is...resolved….. into.
"I'm sorry, Sora. For putting you in the trash bag."
The bag where I put Sora was in the bag for trash. If I recall correctly, the bag only contained a discolored potion and torn clothes.
"Sorry"
When I moved through the forest to Ratto village this time, I found the village dump. It was perfect; I could throw away the things I didn't need. When I got there, the temperature was higher, so the color of the potion changed quickly. Especially the color of the healing and pain alleviation potion is often altered.
I Place Sora near the rock seen from the dump and step inside. Then, take out the trash from the magic bag for trash.
"…..Eh?"
I can't find the blue potion in the trash. The muddy white and black discolored potion is still there, but….. I turned the magic bag upside down, but nothing came out. I looked inside the bag and put my hand in it, but it was still not there. The blue potion is meant to heal wounds, but many had discolored when I arrived.
"That's weird."
I check the bottom of the bag to make sure that there is no hole there. There were other garbages, so it's natural...1 I repeatedly turn my magic bag, but it still doesn't come out. In my memory, 13 potions should have turned into trash.
Where did it go?
Because I couldn't find it, I gave up and started looking for potions to replenish my stock. I want more blue potions to heal wounds and green potions to alleviate pain.2 The degraded version is weak to heat, and the two types discolor fast. However, most of it will be used in the forest, so I want to keep as much reserve as possible. Look around the dump and put the potion I found in the magic bag. After I picked it up to some extent, I returned to Sora.
"Sorry to keep you waiting."
Sora was trembling while rolling in the wind.

I wish I had looked for a safer place.
I pick him up and head to Ratto village. When the presence of people approached, I put Sora in the magic bag….."Oh no, the potions."
The magic bag has many options. The other bags are in a similar state. The only one that is empty is the trash bag. I look at Sora.
"Sorry, please be patient for a while."
Today, I'm just checking the village and gathering information about its surroundings. After that, I planned to leave immediately. I was very hesitant, but I decided to put Sora in the bag with the potions. Let's prepare a bag for Sora as soon as possible.
Immediately as I enter Ratto Village, I search for where the adventurers gather and observe the village's situation. From the state of the village, there are no significant problems. The rest is information about the forest.
When it comes to monsters and animals that attack people, adventurers are the best to ask. There is a tavern in the center of the village and many shops where adventurers gather. In these places, they talk boastfully about the animals and monsters they have hunted, making it easy to understand the situation of the forest. The information that comes most is in the evening, and the story that comes when they're drunk is the most reliable. Beyond that, the conversation becomes meaningless.
I strained my ears to pick up the voices around me along the way.5 From what I heard, I learned that the forest near this village is relatively safe. That's good; I can take Sora out of the bag. However, I heard something interesting.
They said there were signs that snake monsters were increasing, and the village might request their subjugation. The location is near the village road leading to the next village. Should I wait in the village and see how the situation is going? Also… I'd like to hunt and make some money. If there are many wild rats, I think I can hunt them.
Before leaving the village, I looked for a butcher. When I entered one of the butchers, an uncle with a good smile welcomed me. There are some dried meats, but….. the amount is smaller even though the price is the same 100 Dal.
"Sorry, but thanks to the snake bastard, the number of wild rats is decreasing, so the price of the meat is rising."
Perhaps seeing me puzzled while looking at the dried meat, he told me why the price was rising.
"Thank you very much for the explanation. Then, if I hunt wild rats, will you buy it?"
"I'll be very grateful if you do. But, if you aim at wild rats, the snakes will come for you."

"...Really?"
"Aa, because those who went hunting wild rats in their nest made a noise that irritated the snakes."
"I see….. thank you."
"No problem; I hope your wild rat's hunt goes smoothly!"
After buying a piece of dried meat, I left the store. The snakes will likely become a problem; the snake in question is probably a monster. It was said that it occurred on the village road that leads to the next village, but could it be spreading more widely? 1 . I'll go to the forest and check it with my eyes.
This reminds me, even if I say it is a monster, what type of monster is it?2 Does its magic power contain poison, or can it release magic? If it's magic, let's escape immediately.
Should I hunt the wild rats? I hunt by putting a trap where the wild rats run. Will it get trapped together with the snakes? If it's impossible after trying once, I might have to think of another way.
Speaking of which, will he buy the snakes if I get one? I forgot to hear about it.
I leave the village and walk through the forest, but I can't feel the presence of the snakes. As I thought, Its place is still limited.
While observing the surroundings, I went to a tree with a big trunk that was easy to get onto. I found it near the dump. Looking around from the top, I could see a small animal running.
At that time, with the colossal ant, all small animals disappeared over a wide area. So, does this mean that the snakes aren't that strong? N~, let's gather more info about the snakes in the village tomorrow.
I sit on the big tree and put Sora on my lap.
"Are you okay?"
Like always, he was shaking his body. I felt sorry when I looked at him.3 No, no, no, not good. Let's finish what I must do first.
I had to arrange the potions initially in the magic bag, and I just picked them up and checked their color and stock. I remove the potions from the magic bags, but the blue potions are gone.
"Again?"
I tried to turn the bag over, but as I thought, it was gone. It's the same situation as at the dump before. Thinking whether something was the same as before, I looked at Sora.4 The same thing is none other than having Sora in it.
"Sora? …..Could it be"
Now that I thought about it, what does Sora eat? Regular slime is a monster that processes organic matter. Inorganic substances are also possible if they are rare slimes. What about the crumbling slime? The missing blue potions….. Perhaps a potion that heals wounds?
But it's still strange. Slime can only process organic or inorganic substances. Potions are organic, but the containers are inorganic.
What's going on?
Even if I think about it, I don't know, so I bring a discolored blue potion from a nearby dump. I'm a little worried, but I put the potion before Sora. My heart starts pounding.
Sora moves his body towards the potion in front of him. I'm impressed seeing him move other than rolling his body. After a while, the potion is sucked and immediately absorbed into Sora's body. The potions and their containers that disappeared into bubbles inside his translucent body were terrific. I thought it might be, but I was surprised to see it.
"That's amazing, Sora! Are both organic and inorganic substances okay with you?"
Looking at Sora, he shakes his body a little violently. I somehow felt like he was saying, 'Give me more,' so I looked for more blue potions in the dump. The blue potions I found numbered 21 in total. However, their color had changed considerably. There are 11 that have an indescribable color. Will it be okay?
A little worried, I only arranged 10 of them in front of Sora, excluding the ones with indescribable color. Fizz~, fizz~, Sora absorbing the potions one by one. It is interesting to look at. When the 10 potions are gone, he shakes his body violently again. Nn~, I look at the remaining potions, but my anxiety won't go away. As expected, this is….. While I was in doubt, Sora was rolling towards the remaining potions. I wonder if he has any other way of moving other than rolling? When looking at him, he hit the potions and stopped. He could probably roll, but he was not good at blocking. Maybe it's not impossible to stop…. but it's still unknown.
When he hit the potions, he started to digest them individually. The remaining potions also disappeared more and more inside Sora. Sora decided that it was okay, so it was probably safe. Nevertheless, he ate pretty vigorously. Was he hungry? The amount slime can consume varies individually, but how much can crumbling slime consume?
Sora, who had digested 21 potions, is now shaking slowly. Apparently, he seemed satisfied. That's good; even if he started shaking, I couldn't find any more blue potions in the dump.
"A, my share is….."
Well, everything inside the bag could have been eaten.1 Next time, I'll ensure I have my share and give the rest to Sora. Without the blue potion, injuries can result in wound suppuration. It is a potion that I would be troubled without.
Anyway, the crumbling slime is full of mysteries. Until now, no one has been able to tame it, so it can't be helped that it has not been clarified.
"Sora. You still have something you hide, aren't you"
Sora is shaking in the wind. Looking at him, my eyes closed slowly... don't tell me, I fell asleep. …..Isn't I a little too much at my pace?
I'm anxious about what's ahead.
I woke up the following day feeling anxious, and Sora was in front of me. ...He did not disappear! I'm so happy that I forgot to say morning greetings.
Put Sora in the bag and head out to the village. Today, I'm gonna gather information about the snake monster. There's been no change to the village since yesterday.
However, I see an adventurer carrying a snake-like before and has yet to be dismantled. I'm curious, so I'll follow them. After a while, they entered one of the buildings with a pharmacy mark on it. Looking inside, it seems they are selling the snake. Apparently, the snake monster is a type of medicine. This could become money, so I want to catch one. To be used as medicine, the snake must be caught alive. I've heard that the snake is immersed in medicinal water. I learned the characteristics of the snake and looked it up in the book. The trap book might tell me how to catch a snake.
I leave the pharmacy and find a plaza that adventurers can use. I immediately find one, but it is packed with adventurers. Let's just go to the forest.

I opened the book on the same tree as yesterday. First, I decided to check the type of snake. Unfortunately, the snake information I looked for is not in it, even though I only wanted to know if it had poison. However, when I looked at the snakes that can be used as medicine, all of them were written as poisonous. The snake, this time, will most likely be toxic, so I have to be careful. Next, I checked the trap book.
"Good, there is."
It looks like a trap for snakes, which is simple. I need something, but it won't be a problem because the dump is near. However, it may be problematic to process the entrance to prevent snakes from escaping. I then searched around the dump for the materials. I found a new blue potion that did not exist yesterday. I need many of them for Sora and me, so I put everything in the bag regardless of the color.
Next, I picked up the necessary materials. It was lucky that I was able to find torn cloth and rope in the broken basket. I searched and picked up other essential and useful stuff. When I placed the materials at the tree's base, I tied the fractured basket and torn cloth together with a string. It was written that it was important to tie the string so that no snake escaped from the gap and no gap was formed. I don't know how much gap it needs for the snake to escape. Scared that it might have poison, I tied it with multiple strings to fill the gap. At the entrance, tie a broken iron cup with a string to make it easier to enter the sack. Alright, the trap to capture the snake is complete. It is a straightforward trap where you feed a snake in a basket, and when the snake enters, tie the bag and lock it inside. It's troublesome because I need to keep watching the trap... but I'll do my best. It was difficult for me to process the entrance hole, so the snakes couldn't get out by only reading the book.1 Let's learn it little by little. I also prepare a trap to hunt wild rats. I'm going to lure the snake using the rats as bait, I'm not sure if I can do it, but I have to try! It's for money, so let's do our best!
Let's feed Sora, who is looking at the magic bags. How does he know that there are potions inside them? He shouldn't have known that I had picked them.
~….., it's been three days since I laid the trap. I finally succeeded. I really did my best. Moreover, I was able to catch two snakes and two wild rats. It could be called a great hunt, but a trap that must be closed manually is no good. It will cause you to lack sleep. I'm sleepy….. not good! The wild rats need to be dismantled, but the snakes are good as is because I need to sell them alive.
I have already become accustomed to dismantling, and I was able to do so neatly today. Moreover, today's wild rats are slightly larger, which is nice. Next are the snakes that are rampaging in the basket. I'm a little scared, but I need to bring it back. Let's do our best.

I enter the village and watch the villagers and the adventurers. There is no problem since nothing has changed. First, I go to the store where I bought the dried meat. I just need to sell the meat quickly before it rots.
"O! You're at that time….. the wild rats, right?"
"Yes, is it okay?"
"Ooh, thanks for your trouble….. and that one, is it a snake?"
"Yeah, I'm going to sell it at the pharmacy."
"Is that so? Aren't you amazing, boy"

"The wild rats are big; they look splendid. How about 260 Dal? Is that okay?"
"Yeah, thank you very much."
I'm glad that the meats were bought at a higher price than I thought. After receiving the money, I asked for a pharmacy that he recommended. I leave the butcher and go to the pharmacy, which the store owner recommended. Let's hurry up. Even so, it seems he'd see me as a boy; what a relief. If I were to go on a journey, the Fortune Teller told me to disguise myself as a boy. She said that it is dangerous for girls and women to travel alone. It's maybe like "Kamonegika"1 in the previous me….. I don't even know what "kamonegika" is, but it's probably dangerous. It's better to not be exposed.
When I arrived at the pharmacy, it was the store where the adventurers from before had sold their snakes. It was my first time entering a pharmacy, which made me nervous.
"Excuse me."
"What is it?"
A slightly moody store owner appears from behind the counter.
"I want to sell some snakes. Would you like to see it?"
"...Where are your parents or your friends?"
"There aren't, I'm by myself."
"…..Is that so, show it to me"
He thought a little and asked me to show the snakes. I put the basket on the nearby desk, removed the string, and pushed it out in front of the store owner. It's scary, so opening the bag is impossible. The store owner unexpectedly smiled, opened the bag, and checked inside.
"It looks lovely, the size is big, and the color is clear too."
Selling seems reasonable; I'm glad my effort is not for nothing.
"It's 2 Gidal for one snake, making 4 Gidal for two snakes. And one of them is female, so 1 Gidal is added."
Ha? Gidal? One Gidal equals 100 copper coins, and one Gidal is equal to one Silver coin, which means five Gidals are….. Ee! Snakes are so expensive.
"Aah, thank you very much."
"Me too; female is rare and popular."

I trembled a little while receiving the money. I can't believe I was getting this much money. I'm glad there was a mass outbreak of snakes. Otherwise, I won't be able to catch them.
After selling the snakes for a large sum of money, I return to where I sleep with a light gait. I can't believe it; it really is 5 Gidal. I'm so happy. However, this is due to the increased number of snake monsters. It will be problematic if it's in the next village where I think I'll go. Well, for today, it's okay to feel happy.
I place Sora at the tree's base and wrap him using the strap of the magic bag. Otherwise, he will roll around when I return. One time, I was astonished at how far he had rolled. Since then, I have always wrapped him with the strap of the magic bag so he won't be blown away by the wind. Although he didn't disappear the next day, I'm still anxious about it. And he really eats a lot.
Yesterday, 58 potions were thrown away at the dump. Perhaps children were asked to make potions to improve their skills. Rather than using a regular container, it was just a simple bottle. I tried to give it to Sora while feeling anxious because it was not using regular containers.
There are three types of regular containers used for potions. It was a grade to third-grade container. The difference lies in the transparency and thickness of the bottle. The first-grade container uses uniform glass, and the way the light enters is stable.3 The degree of light entering is important, and it is said that it is easy to discolor when unstable. Many people whose potion-making skills still lack or produce unstable potions mostly use third-grade containers. In fact, those who make unstable potions are recommended to use first-grade containers. Still, if they use it and the potions are discolored, they wouldn't be able to sell them as degraded versions, and the price of the containers would make them in the red. No one is using first-grade containers because it would be a hard blow for them. Now, the first-grade container is proof of high quality.
In the practice stage, they use a simple bottle instead of a regular container to check the discoloration. If the time it needs to be discolored decreases, it's time for them to make it using the regular container. The potions that were abandoned were most likely from the practice stage. I look at the bottle. It's really different from the regular containers... I know just by looking at the shape of the container.4 Next is….. Is the air entering because the shape is distorted?5 When I was pondering that, Sora rolled over to me and, with the same momentum, covered one of the potions. No matter how many times I saw it, it was still mysterious. Then the bottle and the blue potion disappear.
"There is no problem with the practice bottle, it seems…."
I put the bottle in front of Sora, and he doesn't respond. It seems necessary to have potions inside it. How can I secure a large number of potions?
As I keep giving Sora as is, the remaining potions disappear, too. I never thought he could eat 58 potions at once. I read the ecology of the slime in the book. Still, I could not tell about the amount of food they eat, which was only written as [varies for each individual]. So I'm not sure whether Sora eats a lot or if it's normal, but because his size is a little bigger than my hands, he seems to be a glutton.
The practice bottle seemed okay for Sora, so I put it in front of them when I found an empty bottle. He is not responding at all. It seems necessary to have potions inside it. How can I secure a large number of potions?
I'm giving up on the snake traps and increasing the traps for wild rats. If I try to hunt snakes, I'll lack sleep. On the day I sold the snakes, the lack of sleep reduced my awareness, and I felt it would be dangerous in the forest. Until the trap can be improved, I'll give up on it.
I searched around the trap that I had set up yesterday. The wild rat's escape routes are scattered because of the snake, making it difficult for the wild rats to fall into the traps. The four traps that I had set up yesterday were destroyed. Was it because of the snakes? Still, it was right to increase the number of traps. From fifteen traps, three wild rats are secured. I quickly finish the dismantling and head to the village.
When I entered the village, I noticed something unusual. The adventurers are in a hurry. What's happened? As I headed towards the butcher, I overheard a conversation... Apparently, the village had issued a subjugation request for many snakes. Are the adventurers busy preparing for the subjugation? Is snake subjugation worth more than selling it to a pharmacy? Even if it can earn money, it's better not to participate in the subjugation. A minor travels alone, so it's better not to stand out. Instead, I have to find out when the subjugation begins. If there are many adventurers in the forest, I should leave that day. A menacing monster may appear in the presence of the adventurers. It will be difficult if I get caught up in it.
When I enter the butcher, unlike before, I see a woman for the first time. That really surprised me.1 I thought the store owner would be there, but it was not what I had in mind.
"Oh, welcome!"
"….Umm, I want to sell wild rats."
"E?... Aa~, I've heard about you from my husband. You're the child who came to sell wild rats, right?"
So she is his wife. Let's take a deep breath and calm down. I then give the wife the meat wrapped in banana leaves.
"Aa~, they're beautifully dismantled. This helps a lot. Some adventurers are rather sloppy."
"Thank you"
"It's 330 Dal for all three; there's no problem, right?"
"Yes"
"Speaking of which, it seems like snake subjugation has finally begun. The village chief is pretty difficult to move."
"...It looks so."
"Do you participate in the subjugation?"
"….No"
"Oh my, is that so?"
"Yes"

What should I do, and how should I handle a talkative woman? 3...I can't leave...it won't end. 10 minutes before I can leave the store? The talk was finally over when the store owner returned to the store. Or rather, the owner is the one that stopped the talk. It was good.
I sigh in relief as I leave the store. In the last part, I needed clarification on what we were talking about, but I knew the date and time of the subjugation, so it was good. For now, let's just stay away from the butcher.
If the snake subjugation begins, I'll consider going to the next village...That's not good. I just remembered that I needed to gather blue potions. The remaining potions are three...I want ten potions, but I want to secure at least six if that's impossible. If I consider Sora's food, it would be about fifty bottles? However, it's impossible. What should I do? Is blue potion the only one Sora could eat? For now, let's go to the dump.
There are two blue potions in front of me, so there are five in total—not enough. I put the potions I found before taking Sora out of his exclusive bag. It's a measure so Sora won't be seen in public.5 . Take Sora out of the bag and place a portion of another color.
"Won't you eat it?"
He doesn't even glance at it. Like I thought, it's useless. Until a blue potion is abandoned, I'll stay in the village for a while. It's outside my plan, but I'll be worried if I don't have it...Anyone is fine, so I hope you can throw a lot of blue potions.
A lot of potions from the practice stage were discarded. No way, with this, I don't have time to give them my thanks. The blue potions I'd picked were already discolored, but there were 37. All of this is for Sora's food. Sora's appetite is lacking, but there are no problems with two to three bottles a day; I have no choice but to give up on it.1 There are a few more days before we leave the village, so we can expect more. Now that the potions are secured, I can move towards the subsequent preparation, Ra,tom2. Alright.
In the village, the snake's subjugation will begin this evening. Looking at the state of the village, it will take about 3 days with these large numbers of adventurers. Before leaving the village, I'll make a trap for wild rats. Wild rats will escape as the adventurers move around in the forest. If I set up a trap, I can secure many wild rats. This is the first time I have done this, I am still determining how it will go, but I will know if it's worth doing without trying.
I then set the trap inside the forest. It's 30 in total. It's my first time making this many in one day. It may be a bit sloppy, but it's alright. Let's do our best to hunt wild rats. After setting up the last trap, I head to harvest some nuts. I don't know its name, but I found a sweet and delicious fruit. It's pleasantly sweet when you're tired.3 After I got 2 of them, I returned to where my bed was.
With this, I'm ready for the journey. Since the potions have been secured, what else must I include? The rope that I used for the trap has run out. And next is….. I want clothes. Mine has become a bit smaller now. I want some bamboo tubes, too…. but bamboo doesn't grow around here. After checking the surrounding presence and confirming no problems, I removed Sora from the bag. Sora's body then trembles.
"You can't do that~; that's food for the journey."
I said as I looked at Sora, the waterdrop-shaped body that stretched out more than usual. When his usually waterdrop-shaped body is stretched…. Sora/s appearance seems weird...Could it be that he is expressing his discontent? Rather than that, how far can you stretch your body to the side? When I look at him, the body pushed to the side tremble. Overwhelmed by such a figure, I averted my eyes a little. I have never seen his body like that, but no means no!4 I won't be able to depart like this.
I will look for the things I need at the dump. About Sora... I'll take him with me. There may be blue potions that I still need to find. I'll know by seeing Sora's reaction.
After that, I managed to find several ropes. Unfortunately, there are no clothes here. Let's hope for the next dump. I looked at Sora. He lay down buried in garbage. I hurriedly picked him up and evacuated him into the bag. The dump seemed unsuitable for Sora. After getting the necessary stuff, I returned to my bed.
Sora, who comes out of the bag, stretches his body in discontent. He entered my sight momentarily, but I ignored him and started preparing for the journey. Since all the ropes I found were cut short, I will connect them to a usable length. Since I found a piece of cloth, I checked the broken part and cut off only the part I could use. When the preparation was over, I turned my eyes to Sora….. he was sleeping...As I thought, Sora is at his own pace.
I was able to catch nine wild rats. According to the adventurer, many snakes were rampaging; perhaps that is why the hiding wild rats moved in large numbers. Nine wild rats from thirty traps is much more than I expected. It's a happy miscalculation.
And for some reason, there's a snake in one of the wild rat traps. The moment I saw it, I fled with haste, but I wanted to sell it and change it for money. So I went to the dump and found a torn but sturdy bag. The broken part can be sewn and repaired with a string. I then cover the trap with the bag and slowly push it in. The snake broke free from the trap when it was inside, so I hurriedly tied the bag's entrance with a string. The sounds of the snake moving around inside the bag frightened me. I used a basket before, so it made me feel a little safe….. let's sell it quickly! The wild rats can wait for later, and with a quick pace, I head to the village pharmacy.
In the village, adventurers happily drink together and boast about the day before. They'll go hunting again this evening, so let's hurry up. I apologize for Sora, but he will likely spend another day in her bag.

"Excuse me."
"Nn? Oh, so it's you."
"Is it okay for me to sell the snake again?"
"It's okay. The snake that was killed was weak and could not be used. After the subjugation, the number of snakes decreased, and it was difficult to obtain a good one, so I wanted to obtain one."
The bag then moved because the snake was rampaging inside. It was horrifying. I brought the bag slightly away from my body to the store owner. The store owner laughed a little, seeing my appearance. Even if you laugh at scary things, it will still be frightening; it can't be helped.
"It's in good condition today as well."
Looking into the bag, the store owner nods once.
"You are really good at hunting."
"Eh! That's not true."
"Is that so? Snakes brought by other adventurers are often quite tattered. That would make a fine medicine.3 But what you brought is still lively and will become an excellent medicine. For me, it's a happy outcome."
"Thank you"
I'm glad it could be of use.
"It's 2 Gidal"
"Thank you"
I left the store after receiving the money. My face became loose. It's a happy outcome. Is it only flattery?4 But I'm happy.
With a light step, I head to where I collected the wild rats. Take Sora out of the bag and hand him today's portion of potions. It took a long time to dismantle all nine because of its number, but I could finish it before the sun went down. I heard subjugation will be this evening, so I should head back to the village soon. When I look at Sora…. he is sleeping; he really is at his own pace. I put Sora in the bag and then head to the village.
As if swapping with me, the adventurers are entering the forest. Apparently, I was on time. After seeing the adventurer, I head to the butcher…..Is the store owner there?
"Excuse me."
I opened the door and peeked inside.
"Oh! Is that you lad5, what's wrong?"
It's the store owner, I'm glad!
"I want to sell some wild rats. Is it okay?"
"It's more like that'll help me a lot rather than it's okay nowadays; everyone but the lad only brings snakes."
I then give the owner nine pieces of meat wrapped in banana leaves.
"It's a great amount again. Iyaaa~ lad is really amazing."
"Thank you"
"The condition of the meat is also good! So it's 1080 Dal in total. Since the snakes' subjugations started, it's becoming hard for me to obtain meat, and that makes the price rise."
"Yes. Well then, please."
"I've been short of meat since the serpent began to increase. Both the selling price and the buying price kept rising.  If the price of the dried meat goes up, the adventurers will complain immediately. I am grateful to the lad for bringing me meat, thank you."
After receiving the money, I headed to the square open to adventurers. I just remembered that I had to buy dried meat for the journey. Could I become absentminded because of all the gratitude? But I'm happy.
The subjugation seems to have ended in two days. I heard there were so many adventurers that the time it took to finish was short. After all, there were many snakes on the village's left. I saw a snake that had been defeated, but there were many snakes.
Was the forest more dangerous than I thought? 1 . I have to be more vigilant.
I go buy dried meat and then leave the village. The village roads should have been somewhat safer after the subjugation. Today, we'll head to the next village, Ratom. Somehow, many surprises are happening in Ratto village, like me meeting Sora and taming him and figuring out what he eats and how much he needs….. The price of the snake also surprises me.
Oh, there were a lot of good things. Sora became my partner. I look at the trembling Sora in my arms. He is at his own pace, but still, he's cute. Words of gratitude from the butcher and the pharmacy store owner. That makes my cheeks lose every time I remember it.
I'm happy! I'm Happy!
Right now, remembering it makes me can't stop grinning. Composure is essential when on a journey, so I must calm myself. Take a deep breath and calm my heart. Alright, Let's head to Ratom.

What is this? I can somehow smell something burnt. Is something burnt?
I stop and look around. Sora in my hand is also trembling harder than usual. There is no sign of monsters or people, but I sometimes miss it if it's the presence of an adventurer. I walk while being cautious and checking my surroundings. Should I leave the village road? Walking down the village road, I see smoke rising in the distance. ...My body then became stiff, and I felt nervous; it was my first time in this situation.
As I approached, little by little….. I realized that the thing raising the smoke was something like a box. Someone was lying in the shadow. I approached him with a quick step while being cautious and checking the surroundings. I didn't feel the presence of someone lurking.
I turned my sight to the fallen person and held my mouth. He was already dead. I could see traces of his body being gouged by something and the traces of battle that remained in the surrounding area. The traces suggest the possibility of multiple people. I then put Sora, who was in my hand, inside my bag, as they might be bandits. There's a chance that they will target Sora, who is a rare monster.
I feel bad for the dead person, but there's nothing that I can do. I leave him as it is, and while being cautious of my surroundings, I leave the place quickly. However, I can see a carriage a little farther. I stop and take a deep breath to calm down. After all, I can't feel the presence of anyone.
When approaching the carriage, there were several corpses, all of which were severely damaged. There's a horse that falls a little away from the road, but I can see that it already died.
Apparently, they were attacked by monsters instead of bandits. Bandits never kill horses, and the scars are not from swords. There may be ferocious demons around here. The people who died are too severely damaged. It's not the first time I see a person who is killed by a monster, but it's a bit shocking. It will be better to leave this place soon.
I then left the carriage quickly. After a while, I noticed I was running, so I stopped and stopped my feet. When I run, my attention is disturbed, and I might overlook the presence of monsters. After taking several deep breaths, I finally calmed down.
"Haah~... That's surprised me."
I want to sit down, but this place could be better. With a quick step, I walked towards Ratom village while carefully checking the presence around me, and soon I heard something. While nervous, I listened to the sound, a human voice. Adventurer? Traveler? Merchant? While cautious of my surroundings, I approach the sound.
"Ah, it's Ratom village."
Hearing many voices means that I have arrived at the village. Feeling relief, strength leaves my body. First of all, I have to let them know that someone has died at the village's government office in Ratom.
I look around when I enter Ratom village. It's more lively than other villages, and there are many adventurers. The village is getting bigger as I approach Otorwa town. Is it easier to develop the closer it is to town?
The village office should be near the entrance, so I looked around the signboard. Looking in order, I found a signboard of the government office a little away. It might be doubtful coming from a minor who traveled alone, but I must tell them about the dead people.
"Excuse me."
Upon entering the office, there were four adventurers and a big sister[efn-note]. She said oneesan here. The sentence sounds weird here, but it sounds okay in the other sentence. If you have better suggestions, let me know in the comments[/efn_note]. Being gazed at by everyone is making me nervous.
"Is something the matter?"
The big sister kindly spoke to me, who could not move due to tension. I felt relief.
"On the village road near Ratom village, some people were attacked by monsters and died …"
"…..Eh!….. which village road?"
"It's the village road that heads to Ratto village. But it's close to this village."
"Umm, do you know how long it needs to go there?"
"With my feet, I don't think it takes 30 minutes to go there."
At the end of my answer, the big sister distorted her face and immediately rushed to the back room.
"Huh? A monster comes out nearby? "
"Yes, there is a possibility that the village might be attacked if we don't investigate it immediately."
I can hear a thunderous voice coming from the back room. The adventurers are also looking at the back room.
From there, a very tall man emerged. His body was scarred. When he approached me, he crouched down to meet my gaze and started speaking, his tone slightly reduced.
"A~, I'm not doubting you, but is it really on the village road near here?"
"Yes … I found it scary, so I ran, so scared that I didn't know the exact distance, but I immediately heard voices from the village."
After staring at me, the man let out a big sigh and scratched his head.
"A~ this, seriously….. a monster huh~"
From the atmosphere, it is a slightly big problem.1 The man stands up and speaks to nearby adventurers.
"I'm sorry, but I have an urgent request. Please provide the exact distance and, if possible, the type of demon. I'll go to the guild later and put it as a nomination request."
The four adventurers immediately leave the office. Going out together means that they are a team.
"Thank you. As for the information fee, can you wait until the investigation is finished?"
"...Yes"
What does the information fee mean? Could there be information about the monster? No, I had said that they were attacked by a beast….
She might have noticed my atmosphere but didn't understand it. The big sister tells me about the information fee.
Information about monsters and those dead near the village is reported to the office and paid for the information. In particular, it is better to get information about monsters quickly. The information I have brought has yet to be determined to be a monster. Still, I will receive the information fee for the dead people. That's why tomorrow I will come to the government office.
"Thank you"
I thanked the big sister and left the office. Somehow, the story went different from what I imagined. I wanted to report. But it's a big problem because there are monsters near the village. That's right….. the forest might be dangerous if there's a possibility that monsters are near the town. Let's rest in the square for adventurers today.
Oh, I have to search for Sora's food before that. Only five are left, including my share. When we are on the move, he doesn't consume a lot of potions, and he doesn't stretch to the side to appeal for one. He was satisfied with what I gave to him. 3 ...I hope there are plenty of blue potions in the dump. I want to feed him until he is full. Well, where is the dump?

I'm afraid to leave, but the dump should be near the village.
I then leave the village with caution and search for the dump.
A place that is difficult to see from the village but not too far away.
When I searched for it, I was in the expected place.
After all, every village has a dump in a similar place.

I take Sora out of the bag and wrap the strap around him so the wind won't blow him away.
Sora is trembling with delight at the sight of the dump.
Does he feel the presence of food?
"Wait a bit, okay."

There's a lot of trash when I enter the dump.
I could find a blue potion by just searching for a bit.
I saw a lot of adventurers in the village and expected it, but there were more than I expected.
I found a basket, so I put the blue potions inside it.
Thirty potions were gathered quickly.
When I brought the basket near Sora, his trembling became more impressive.
Are you that hungry?
I put down the basket and put Sora on the potions.
Soon, the potions under Sora disappear into his body.
The potions disappeared one after another.
As I thought, he seems to be hungry.

I return to the dump while Sora eats the blue potions and packs as many as I can into the bags.
If the monster that appeared near the village is dangerous, I'll have to wait in the village.
With that, I won't be able to come to the dump.
Let me take as much as I can.
After that, I returned to Sora, who had eaten everything in the basket and swayed rhythmically.
This is the first time I've seen him move like that.
"So he can move like that."
Over the past few days, the way Sora moves has increased.
Is this what they said about growth?
Sora really is a mysterious existence.

A lot of clothes were thrown away at the dump.
I have been looking at them, checking for a tear on the clothes.
You can sew and fix it, but some can't be fixed depending on the tear.
About half of them are useless.
Still, it is a great find with two pants and four blouses.
I want to look for a place with water, but I'm worried about the monster.
From the atmosphere in the government office, it is better to only move around once the monster is known.
"Sorry, Sora. You'll be in the bag again. Is it okay?"
Sora comes out of the basket and bounces to me.
I was too surprised to understand what I saw for a moment.

"Sora bounced!"
Sora, who had only rolled, was bouncing.
I lift Sora up to my eyes.
He's trembling with the *purpura* sound.
He really is cute
I stroke Sora to my heart's content and put him in the bag before heading to the village.

In the morning, I head to the village government office beforehand.
From around yesterday evening, the top-ranked adventurers seemed a bit nervous.
Traces of strong demons were discovered yesterday by the adventurers who investigated.
"Excuse me."
"Ah, you're from yesterday."
"Yes. Is it too early?"

"It's alright. I will give you the information fee because the monster has already been identified."
The one-san from yesterday will take care of it.
I hear a voice from the back room; it has a rough atmosphere.
Apparently, it's a strong and troublesome monster.
"Would you like to confirm it?"

When I move to the desk where the onee-san is... there is money on it.
Two gold coins and a silver plate2.
"The information fee for the high-ranking monster is 2 Radals or 2 gold coins. The information fee for the five people who died in 5 Gidals."
"Etto….. yes, I have confirmed it."

I confirmed but couldn't calm down from my first silver plate and gold coins.
I have 5 silver coins and add a silver plate….. 's 10 silver coins, and then gold coins... gold coins!?
Somehow, thinking about the value of money in my head….. makes me feel more restless.
The information fee for monsters is amazing.
Gold coins, scary

I put the money in a small pouch and put it inside the bag for money.
I didn't expect gold coins to come out.
I become nervous and sweating.
I bow my head to the one-san and leave the government office.

Gold coins….. I might get involved in a dangerous situation if others were to see it.
I can deposit it at the adventurer's guild, but I need to register to do that.
And skills are checked upon registration.
If that happens, they will know that I have no star.
Commerce Guild doesn't check the skills when registering, but I can only register if I have something to sell.
Even so, it is surprising that Monster Information will earn gold coins.
As I heard from the back room, it seemed the monsters were Ogres and Ogre King.
Top-ranking adventurers who investigated found traces of the Ogres, and when they looked around, they saw the Ogre king in the distance.
I remember that the Ogre King was mentioned in the book as a monster strong enough to defeat several high-ranking adventurers.
I didn't look around where I went that time, but if I had lost there, I might have encountered Ogres or the Ogre King.

I look around the village and look at the surroundings.
The news about the Ogre King hasn't been announced, so it's relatively calm.
Some people seem to feel strange in the state of adventurers.

I returned to the adventurer's square, which I had used since last night.
There are cheap lodgings in this village, and the number of adventurers who use the square is small.
That helps a lot.
I can't rest when people are nearby.
I can sleep because I can reduce my vigilantness for monsters. Still, I sometimes awaken because of the presence of people.
I noticed it when I used the square in Ratto village, where many use it.
I'm not good with people.
I search for a place where there are no tents set up and take a rest.
My place is the farthest from the kitchen; hence, it was not popular.
Speaking of which, I was sleeping in a similar place in Ratto village.

Now, then, what should I do?
After refilling my stock of potions in Ratom village, I planned to go to the next village as soon as possible.
The village will be the safest place when the Ogre King comes out.
They were talking about gathering adventurers quickly, so the subjugation should start tomorrow or the day after.
Speaking of which, I heard that if there was an Ogre King, there might be an Ogre's nest around.
I felt that it was in the book….. but I forgot.
I'll check it later.
Should finding the nest take one or two days?
To get rid of them... Should I stay in Ratom village for about five days?
It's not a problem, but I can't sleep well because I have always been in the forest.
But there's a problem with Sora's food.
I need to find a place where there are no people in the village, but….. It might be difficult because of the number of people in this village.
At worst, Sora has to eat his from inside the bag.
Haa~ I was glad that I had unexpected income, but it's a shame that I couldn't go into the forest.
But safety is the most important.
I feel sorry for Sora, but I must give up this time.

In the evening, information on the monsters was announced to the village, and top-ranking adventurers were gathered.
Looking at the number, you can feel this village's size.
There are more top-ranking adventurers than I imagined.
However, looking at the number, the face of the man in the office is grim.
The Ogre King is a dangerous monster.
But I would have never imagined that I'd be staying in the village for ten days...

I was relieved that the Ogre's nest had collapsed and the Ogre king had been defeated.
During the Ogres' subjugations, the village entrance was closed because the danger of the forest increased.
Therefore, I can't get out of the village at all.

One day was enough to eliminate the fatigue of my journey, and I spent three days studying books.
Anyone who wants to work in the village must go through the guild.
That's why I couldn't do work, so I spent the rest of my days going around the village but was honestly bored.
Ten days was genuinely long.
The hardest thing was that I couldn't let Sora out freely.
Whenever I took Sora out, it was always in an empty area and only for a short time.
It was tough to look for that kind of place...
Nevertheless, searching for potions on the first day I arrived in this village was a good idea.
Otherwise, I would have needed more food for Sora.

Finally, the village entrance was opened, and the defeated Ogre King was brought into the village.
It was done to show the outdated Ogre King and to relieve their, but…..
I was surprised at the weird atmosphere.
I have seen Ogre, but not from this close because I escaped avoiding encountering it.
And above all, what was in front of me was the Ogre King.
A monster that stands at the top of the Ogre.
Even though I knew that it was dead, I still felt anxious.
Ogre meat is not delicious, so everything else is thrown away apart from its magic stone and horn.

I glance at the villagers and adventurers who gathered and headed to the dump.
I need to prepare for the journey and Sora's food.
I had finished all the preparations I needed while confined in the village.
All that remains is to replenish the missing items.

When the dump was near, I stopped my feet.
I feel the signs of many people from the dump.
That's right, they couldn't throw away their trash for ten days.
Many people may throw away their accumulated trash when the village entrance opens.
I should shift my time a little later.

So, I enter the forest to secure food other than dried meat.
I'm still anxious, but the subjugation was successful, and the village chief explained that the Ogre had been annihilated.
I aim for the river with my heart pounding.
There were many nuts in the river.
After refilling my water at the river, I find a tree with red fruit growing on top of it.
It's a fruit that I had previously picked on the previous river.
It was sweet and tasty, so I would like to gather some if the fruit is ripe.
As I approached the tree, Sora, who was at my feet, jumped and hit my feet.
I was surprised and stopped.

I felt something fly from the tree and inadvertently dodged but was hit on my arm.
In a moment, tremendous pain runs through my body.
When I looked at the tree….. it was moving.
It was not good; it was a tree monster.
The monster raises its roots out of the ground and approaches here.
I put Sora at my feet into the bag and held my aching arm.

Something slimy touches my hand, but I don't have time to check it.
It was so painful that I clenched my teeth and ran away from the river.
While running, I check behind me.
...I can't see the monster figure behind me.
I searched for its presence but couldn't find it for some reason.
The distance is still a long way, so I should be able to feel its presence.
Nausea and pain then attacked me.
While enduring it, I again put power in my feet and ran away from the monster.
I continue running and look back, but nothing moves behind me.
My body suddenly staggers, so I sit at the base of a tree.
Looking at my aching arm, the hand that holds it is dripping with blood.
I release my hand slowly…..looking at the wound, it was pretty deep.
And I seem to have lost a lot of blood.
My mind becomes hazy.
I want to take a potion from my bag, but my body isn't moving.
I try to clear my hazy mind by shaking my head left and right, but it won't move.
"…I have to…..let Sora….out…."

I feel my body start to lean sideways.
Intense pain ran through my arm when I fell and made my consciousness a little clearer, but I still couldn't move my body.
I noticed the bag with Sora inside was in front of me.
I want to get Sora out of the bag, but my view becomes hazy, and tears overflow.
"Sora…."
I can see something moving in my hazy view.
Although I can't see it clearly, Sora seems to have left the bag alone.
....That's good.
I can see Sora approaching here.
Please forgive me.
But even if I die, Sora will be okay.
I feel that my consciousness becomes distant, and I close my eyes.
The arm that couldn't move due to pain felt wrapped by something.
The next moment, the pain suddenly disappeared.
With the pain resounding throughout my body disappearing, I regained a bit of strength.
I lift my heavy eyelids and see in my hazy view….. It was eaten by Sora.
Sora was wrapping my injured arm and was eating it.
... Sora seems to eat people.
I don't feel pain even though I was being eaten; should I feel relief about that?
He keeps surprising me till the end.